Improve authn-policy/index.md (#5489)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/security/authn-policy/index.md

EOF
{{< /text >}}

> Test it again after you add destination rule, it is pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test it again after you add the destination rule to ensure it passes:
```
